
Use notes from the review paper \cite{LBNReview_Rubbia}.




Neutrinos were first postulated by Wolfgang Pauli in
1930~\cite{pauli1930letter} as a ``desperate remedy'' to the apparent
non-conservation of energy in nuclear $\beta$ decay. The emitted
electron in the decay was expected to have a discrete energy 

The decay was believed
to be a two body process and so the emitted electron would have a
discrete energy



The modern name of the neutrino was coined by Enrico Fermi who
formulated the theory of beta decay~\cite{Fermi:1934}.

Detection of free neutrinos from nuclear
reactors~\cite{Reines:1956rs}.

The importance of the properties of neutrinos and their role in the
universe began to reveal itself~cite{Winter:2000xh}~\cite{Kolb:1990vq}.


What are the important question to answer regarding neutrinos? number,
types, nature of interaction with matter, strength of interaction with
matter, mass, and origin of mass.

Experimental and theoretical advances have made progress on the above
questions during the last $\approx$ 60 years~\cite{pdg}. Observation of
neutrino oscillations has opened new fundamental questions regarding
the origin of fermion masses and the relationship between quarks and
leptons~\cite{Mohapatra:2005wg}. 


Observation of neutrino oscillation: deficit in solar
neutrinos~\cite{Davis:PhysRevLett.20.1205}, Kamiokande, SNO etc. 

In 1968 Ray Davis et. al. produced the ``Search For Neutrinos From the
Sun'' paper. They used the interaction $Cl^{37}+\nu \rightarrow e^- +
Ar^{37}$ to measure the flux of neutrinos from the sun. The measured
rate was found to be a factor of 7 lower than that predicted by the
solar model.~\cite{Davis:PhysRevLett.20.1205}

Formulation of PMNS
matrix~\cite{Pontecorvo:1967fh, Gribov:1968kq, Maki:1962mu}. 


First measurements of neutrino mixing: MINOS, SNO, Super Kamiokande,
Kamland, double chooz, RENO.



